Everyone is here for the same purpose: to play a game they pay for, a game they enjoy. Please be respectful of your fellow guild members.

We also ask that you be respectful of other players you come across in-game. You wear your guild tag, and as such become an “ambassador” for our guild. We want <Wiping with Style> to be looked at in a positive light, so we ask that you keep others in mind while out in the world.

Language is not an issue, we are all adults. However, there will be absolutely no tolerance for racist, sexist, or any other comments/jokes that are made at the expense of another member. If we receive one complaint about any inflammatory comments of this nature, we will be forced to take action.

Any issues that you have with another member, or the way things are done, should be directed to your officers or your GM by mail, PM, or in-game whisper. We don’t want our members to feel like they are being treated like children, but we’d also like to keep any private issues private.

To this end: “punishments” will be handled as such. The first time there’s an issue will result in a discussion between the offending member(s) and an officer and a second chance. Beyond that, depending on the severity and/or frequency of the problem, action will be taken accordingly and at the discretion of the officers as a whole leading up to and including your eventual removal from the guild.

Every member who joins the guild will be subject to a two week trial period during which we will have the chance to get to know you and you will have the chance to get to know us. After this two week period, as long as everything goes well you will be promoted to the rank of raider.

Ranks within the guild from top to bottom are as follows:
GM -> Officer -> Class Leader -> Raider -> Alternate Raider -> Member (non-raider) -> Trial

Raiding Rules

Raid signups will be done in-game through the in-game calendar. The raid times for the week will be posted each Tuesday (This is flexible). Please accept or decline as quickly as possible.

You are expected to be online and prepared at least 15 minutes prior to the raid start time. That means having your gear properly gemmed, enchanted, and reforged as well as having any consumables on hand and fully repaired gear. We are not a hardcore raiding guild and only have a small amount of time every week during which we can progress, so we’d rather not waste that time waiting for people to finish preparing.

2a.) We do not expect you to have the most expensive enchants or gems in your gear, so long as it’s done properly. There are plenty of websites and tools on the internet you can utilize to find all the information you need about gems, enchants, reforges, and glyphs. Please use them.

Strategies and tactics for boss fights along with images and videos will be posted to the guild website/forum for our members to easily access. While it is not expected that you be perfect on a fight from the first attempt, we do ask that you familiarize yourself with the fights and their mechanics so we do not have to spend an extended period of time discussing strategy during the raid.

If you feel uncomfortable in your understanding of any part of any fight, please do not hesitate to ask your raid leaders for guidance. The raid leaders exist for this exact purpose. Never feel embarrassed that you need to clarify something, but feel free to whisper your raid leader if you do.

Being a “casual” guild, we do not require attendance to raids. Please only sign up for raids that you believe you will be able to attend. If something pops up and you need to miss a raid you previously signed up for, please notify an officer as soon as you are able so we know to fill your spot.

During progression raids, we will open up guild repairs to the raid. All we ask in return is that you contribute to the guild bank by doing guild runs and quests (the cash flow guild perk sends 5%/10% of gold looted from mobs to the guild bank.).

We use Mumble while we raid. You are not required to have a mic to speak (although we prefer it, so we can get to know all of our members better), but you do have to be logged in and listening as we will (hopefully) only be giving instructions this way.

Loot Rules

Wiping with Style uses the EPGP method to handle loot in progression raids. We will utilize the EPGP addon both for its simplicity and its transparency. Everyone who plans to join in on any raids MUST have this addon downloaded and installed. It can be downloaded here: https://code.google.com/p/epgp/downloads/list.

If you need an explanation on how this addon and loot system works, you can go to http://www.epgpweb.com/help/system and read up on it. Ultimately, all you need to know is that the addon will handle everything. There is no way for the numbers to be fudged by anyone else.

The raid leader or raid assist will be in charge of loot distribution. We do not foresee any problems arising with loot distribution, but if you do have a problem with loot, please whisper the person in charge of the raid. Do not complain in raid or guild chat.

Bind on Equip items will be sent to the guild bank to be purchased by guild members.

Items that are not BoE, but that cannot be used by anyone in the raid, will be disenchanted by our designated enchanter and sent to the guild bank.

These rules apply only to items of Epic quality or higher. Blue quality items will be free rolled.

Guild Bank

Crafting materials, consumables, and BoE items can be purchased from the guild bank for 75% market price as determined by http://www.wowuction.com/us/stormrage/alliance.

There will be designated crafters who will utilize the materials you have purchased to craft whatever items you need. Having these designated crafters means they will be the first people to receive crafting patterns for their profession as it will most benefit the guild as a whole. Subsequent patterns will be rolled off and will not count against your EPGP.

The cost of Spirits of Harmony will be at the discretion of the crafter.

3a. If you would like to be a designated crafter for a profession and are approved, you will be responsible for maintaining a cache of Spirits of Harmony for when your guild mates need items crafted.

There will be a tab of the guild bank that will be accessible to everyone that contains lower level items. Members will be given a limited number of withdrawals from this tab. You are free to contribute what you want to any tab for the greater good of the guild, including gold. However, we do not expect our members to contribute items to the bank. Only do so if you feel you are able.

If, for some reason, the guild disbands, we will most likely sell off what we can from the bank and split the gold among those members who have participated in raids during the life of the guild.
